Broker:

As a broker, I would like to be able to request scheduled visits to any properties on behalf of any client(s) of mine who happen to be interested in said properties yet are unable or unwilling to schedule a visit of their own. Ideally, this would be accomplished via a form containing fields for information such as my name, the property’s address, the date & time of the planned visit, and the name of the client(s) I will be representing during my visit. I would also like to be able to create property listings, view existing listings, update any listings as desired or delete any existing listings as needed. These property listing tasks would ideally be accomplished via the use of an interface (or multiple, if absolutely necessary, but not too many). This interface would ideally contain several fields required for listings (including the locations, amenities & going prices, possibly among other information), a tabulated list of listings where clicking on a tab for one of them would fill every field with the information pertaining to that listing, a create/update button which would either create a new listing with the inputted information or update an existing listing with newly inputted information, and a deletion button to delete any existing listings for justifiable reasons. This would ideally be done before the visit request functionality, so as to allow for the ability to create property listings before requesting to visit any listed properties in particular.



Homebuyer:

As a homebuyer, I would like to search for one or more properties by making use of search criteria such as location, number of bedrooms, available amenities, price and, if possible, proximity to businesses or other locations. Ideally, this would be accomplished by using a form containing fields for the aforementioned search criteria, with every field being optional to allow for maximal search flexibility. The location and price will be the most important criteria for me, with the other listed criteria as well as any which should be of interest to me in the future being of lower priority. I would also like to be able to request visits to properties of interest such that I will be able to view them in person. Ideally, this would be accomplished via a form containing fields for information such as the property address, my name and both the date & time of the planned visit. This should be implemented after the search functionality since it would allow me to easily search for a desired property to visit according to several important criteria.



Property Renter:

As a homebuyer, I would like to search for one or more properties by making use of search criteria such as location, number of bedrooms, available amenities, price and, if possible, proximity to businesses or other locations. Ideally, this would be accomplished by using a form containing fields for the aforementioned search criteria, with every field being optional to allow for maximal search flexibility. The location and price will be the most important criteria for me, with the other listed criteria as well as any which should be of interest in the future being of lower priority.



System Administrator:

As a system administrator, I would like to be able to create new accounts for brokers, view existing broker accounts, update any particular broker account as needed or requested and delete an account if absolutely necessary. This would ideally be accomplished in the form of an interface (or multiple, if absolutely necessary, but not too many) containing several fields required for broker accounts (including their names and location(s) of operation, possibly among other information), a tabulated list of brokers where clicking on one entry would fill every field with the correct information, a create/update button which would either create a new broker account with the inputted information or update an existing one with newly inputted information, and a deletion button for any accounts which are to be deleted for justifiable reasons.
